[singing voice] Aniplex.
[dramatic piano music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Rin] I've decided.
[gasps]
[Rin] I'm going
to avenge Archer's death.
In spite of everything...
He was my partner
and my ally.
I agree.
I've decided that I'm going
to fight.
I've gotta see this through
to the end.
If not he'll probably come back
and chew me out.
Plus, we can't leave
the Grail like that.
We have to go destroy it.
‐ Uh‐‐
‐ Yes, I understand.
A thing that gathers
the wishes of all
but in truth will grant only
a single one of those wishes
should not exist
in the first place.
Yeah, you're right.
[Saber] What about you, Rin?
Are you sure?
Isn't the Grail
the Tohsaka family dream?
That is true,
but I don't want some
monkey's paw of a weapon.
It's not like I had
a wish I wanted granted anyway.
Actually,
I'd really enjoy smashing it.
Huh?
[chuckles]
I didn't get into
the Holy Grail War
for the rewards.
I just wanted to win it
so that I could hold
my head high for all
of the Tohsakas.
I see.
Sounds just like you.
What do you mean,
it sounds just like me?
Anyway,
we're counting our chickens
before they're even hatched.
All right, then.
Uh, Shirou?
Wh‐‐What?
Well, I thought I'd get
us all something to eat.
By now you must
be feelin' hungry.
[Shirou] An army moves
on its stomach, right?
While we're putting food
in ours,
let's talk about how
we're gonna go at this.
Yes, you have a point.
Let's have dinner just
as we always do.
I'd say that sounds like
the best strategy.
Guess you're right.
So, maybe I can help out
a little.
[chuckles]
[Aimer's "Brave Shine"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Aimer singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Brave shine ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Stay the night ♪♪
♪♪ You save my life ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Your brave shine ♪♪
[glass shattering]
[Saber] The Holy Grail
is at Ryuudou Temple?
[Rin] Yes.
There are three places
in town where
the Grail can be evoked.
The first is my home.
Then Kirei's church,
and Ryuudou Temple
on Mount Enzo.
I sent familiars to each
of them but the one up
at the temple got smashed.
I know it was Goldie.
I'm sure he's setting up
some fortifications there.
But that means Issei
and the others are in danger.
Here, look at this.
[Shirou] Everyone living there
was taken away in an ambulance?
Right.
This means he got rid
of any troublesome witnesses.
Shinji's idea,
no doubt.
Exactly what the little coward
would do,
but it helped us this time.
[exhales]
Possibly, but Ryuudou Temple
is problematic.
[Saber] There's
an anti‐spirit barrier.
Servants can only get into
the temple through
the main gate.
But that's good for us
because we know exactly
where he'll be,
and our first priority
is to stop the summoning
of the Grail.
Saber takes the main gate
and while she keeps him busy out
in the front of the temple,
we'll be climbing the mountain
from the other side sneaking in
and destroying the Grail.
[Shirou] Hang on.
The only one who can destroy
the Grail is Saber,
so how's that gonna work?
You're right.
[Rin] Okay, maybe
we won't be able
to destroy the Grail
once it's been summoned,
but I know we can
completely destroy
its vessel before that happens.
Basically, what we're going
to do is shut down
the Grail before it's activated.
What do you mean?
[Rin] Look,
from what we've learned so far,
the Holy Grail
is probably Illyasviel's heart.
I think that the Holy Grail
is the combination
of the magic circuits
and her heart.
There's no way Goldie was going
to stand for Illyasviel becoming
the Grail so he ripped out
her heart to make the core.
But that means
to make it function
as the Grail,
he's got to put it inside
the body of another mage.
Since the two of us
are safe here,
he's only got one
possible choice.
[gasps]
You mean Shinji?
But he's not able to...
I mean...
The Matou bloodline is gone
but he still
has latent magic circuits.
Illyasviel's heart is strong,
enough to force open
even atrophied circuits.
[grunts]
And that means we have
to track Shinji down
and get to him first.
So then I'll need
to keep Gilgamesh distracted
until you two manage
to stop the Grail.
Right.
And just as soon as we stop
the Grail,
we'll come back and join you.
No, come on.
That's crazy.
Saber doesn't stand
a chance against him.
On what do you base
that assessment?
‐ [Saber] Shirou?
‐ [both gasping]
Uh, well, there's no way
he could possibly hold a candle
to you with a sword,
but even the strongest warrior
can't fight against war itself.
He's that kind of heroic spirit.
You will fall unless
you also become war, too.
So what you are telling me
is that he and I cannot have
a fair fight?
Mm‐hmm.
And that's the reason we can't
have Saber fight him without
a solid strategy.
She needs an advantage
on her side.
Since his Noble Phantasm
is the very embodiment
of war itself,
and he's a servant
who specialized
in killing heroic spirits,
if you're going to beat him,
your armory has to be just
as stocked as his.
[gasps]
[grunts]
What's the matter?
Why'd you suddenly stop?
That's it.
I know why Goldie hated Archer.
Right, a heroic spirit without
a Noble Phantasm of his own,
so there's no original weapon
he's based on.
It'll work.
Yes, this could work.
[Rin] No, no, wait, wait.
If that's the case
then that means‐‐
You're working out
a big idea, aren't you?
If you have something to say,
spit it out.
No, I do not!
And if I did,
I couldn't tell you
about it here, idiot!
[gasps]
All right.
[Rin] Anyhow,
the existing plan's going
to be just fine.
We do it before dawn,
all right?
What you should do now
is go to your room
and get plenty of rest, Shirou.
You're gonna need it.
Also,
I need to discuss something
with you, Saber.
[door closes]
[Rin] Sure you're okay
with this, Saber?
Yes, I think it
is the best option.
[Saber] And you have my thanks,
Rin.
This will allow me
to fight without undo concern.
[gasps]
[knocking]
Yeah, what do you want?
What do I want?
Tohsaka, am I catching you
in a really bad mood
or something?
Not at all.
It's really not like that,
okay?
[Shirou exhales]
Then what's your problem?
You have a really bad headache
or a fever?
Of course I don't!
Geez.
Might as well come in.
Let me guess.
You've got another stupid idea?
Tohsaka,
when you and Saber talked‐‐
What about it?
Um, forget it.
Just listen
and don't bite my head off.
What I want is‐‐
You wanna go up against him,
don't you?
[Shirou grunts]
You did it.
You figured it out after all.
Archer's magic
is the natural enemy
of Goldie's Noble Phantasm.
Really, is that right?
Y‐‐W‐‐Wait just a minute.
You did not
have it figured out yet
but still you made
that idiotic suggestion?
No, I just had this feeling
that out of all of us,
I'd stand the best chance.
Well, guess you're not wrong
about that.
One thing that makes Gilgamesh
so powerful
is his number
of Noble Phantasms
and that source book
for killing heroic spirits
he's got.
Archer didn't have
a Phantasm tied to his death.
More than that,
as long as he had mana,
he could match
any opponent's force of arms.
[grunts]
That's why Gilgamesh insisted
on calling the two of you fakes,
probably because
he identified both
of you as threats.
Heroic spirit Emiya's really
the only one
that he might have had
to face in a fair fight.
There's a flaw, though.
If he fired a lot of Phantasms
at once,
I wouldn't be fast enough.
I'd run out of mana.
Certainly that'd be the case
if your magic stayed the same,
but you remember Archer's
Noble Phantasm, don't you?
If you mastered that,
if you had control
of that reality marble,
you could stand
against Gilgamesh.
You're crazy.
That kind of power's
just not in me.
Not right now,
but there's at least one option
we could look at.
‐ Huh?
‐ [Rin] Crudely put,
it's a way
to link two mages together
so they can share
whatever stores
of mana they happen to possess.
[grunts]
You mean we'd create a path
between you and me
and then share our mana over it?
Right.
It doesn't matter whether
or not you have enough mana
to use a reality marble,
because I do.
As a result,
you'll have all
the power you need
to take down Gilgamesh.
But now,
as to how we'll create
the link‐‐
[grunts]
Hey, what's wrong?
[inhales and exhales sharply]
I will take my magic crest
and give it to you.
[gasps]
Now, wait a minute.
The magic crest
is the physical proof
of a true mage's life,
isn't it?
That's right.
At first the crest
is intangible.
[Rin] The head
of the mage family
shapes it over the course
of his life.
It's a legacy passed down
from generation to generation.
[Shirou] I can't take something
that important.
[Rin] It's all right.
It's the most important fight
I'll ever have,
so I'll use
my most precious possession.
[grunts]
Why are you staring at me
all weird like that?
I was kind of in awe of you.
Sort of late but I just realized
your character's why I fell
for you the way I did.
[Rin stammers]
Uh, you‐‐what‐‐
it's hardly the occasion
to say that kind of thing!
Though I‐‐I don't mind listening
if you need
to unburden yourself.
Yeah, I know.
There's not much time.
Okay,
let's get this transplant going.
Just tell me what you need
for me to do.
Say the word.
What?
Uh...
Okay, then.
You can start
by getting undressed.
What?
[groans]
[exhales]
Something wrong?
Don't you dare get
any funny ideas!
All I told you to do
was take your clothes off!
It's only fair 'cause I'll
be taking mine off, too.
[gulps]
You're getting undressed, too?
I‐‐I said don't get
the wrong idea!
The only reason for it is so we
can transmit our body heat.
There is nothing more
to it than that!
It's just that for us
to transfer the magic crest,
we need to enter a mutual state
of deep rapport.
Oh, right.
Now I get it.
So is just my shirt all right?
[gasping]
[Rin] Of course,
you moron!
Let's begin now.
[speaking German]
[Shirou groaning]
[gasps]
[Rin speaking German]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasping]
Tohsaka!
[gasps]
What do you think?
Did it work?
[grunting]
Tohsaka?
Yes, of course it worked.
So flawless,
there's nothing else to do.
So precise,
there'll be no after effects.
So perfect even Kirei
who specialized in this stuff
would probably say,
"My pupil, you did a great job."
[grunts]
‐ [Shirou] This is it?
‐ [Rin] Yes.
The magic crest I transferred
to you.
Now you can receive enough power
for a reality marble.
But the rest...
The rest is in my hands.
Thank you.
I mean it.
[grunting]
Wait.
Are you angry at me
for some reason?
You saw it.
Huh?
Uh, wait a minute.
I only did what you said!
You saw it,
didn't you?
You disgusting peeping tom!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
I didn't do anything.
My eyes were closed
the whole time!
The only thing I saw
was what seemed
to be magic circuits and‐‐
[grunts]
Oh, yeah, yeah, that's right.
You were having
this weird dream.
You were, like,
in the school yard somewhere.
[Shirou] And there was some guy
doin' high jumps like an idiot
all day long until
the sun went down.
[whimpers]
Now, what was that‐‐
[groans]
Hey, what's the big idea
of smackin' me?
‐ [Rin] Shut up!
‐ [gasps]
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
Shut up!
Hey, easy!
Easy!
What'd that pillow ever do
to you?
Just be quiet!
Quiet!
[gasps]
You're nothing but a big brute!
Who the hell do
you think you are, anyway,
looking at my secrets like that?
Huh?
Your secrets?
You don't mean that guy‐‐
[groans]
Fine.
But I'm warning you.
Sooner or later I'll get a peek
at your most
embarrassing memories,
and when I do,
I'm not going to hold back!
Do you understand?
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[gasps]
[Shirou] What are ya doin'
out there, Saber?
[Saber] A great many things
have happened.
I wish to etch them into
my mind.
So that I will never
forget them.
I understand.
So for your sake,
I hope you can do that.
Yes.
Me, too.
And also I find I
am in your debt.
So thank you, Shirou.
In truth it did take more
than a little time
but as it turned out
you showed me the way.
Saber?
Forgive me.
This cannot make sense to you.
But I do wanna try
and put it in words.
One dream must come to an end.
[Saber] And even thought I
am not able
to leave anything for you,
you have given me
an answer that
is far more than sufficient.
And this dream,
is it a dream that's yours?
Perhaps it is.
But if that is the case,
then it is the story
of a little girl
I would no longer recognize.
[Saber] I did have a dream,
once.
[grunts]
I have a favor
to ask of you.
I will safeguard you both.
So just make certain
that you two return
to this house.
Yeah, we'll come back home.
Count on it.
Let's go settle all this,
shall we?
[grunts]
[water splashing]
[booming]
[Gilgamesh] Blast out
your curses, Holy Grail.
Let us see if the humans
of this time are capable
of bearing the weight
of their own wishes.
And now the prophecy
of their judgment day has come.
[Kalafina's "Ring Your Bell"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Kalafina singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Ring your bell ♪♪